fix(web): allow clearing body content to empty in editor (#8149)
mitmproxy/mitmproxy: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased: mitmproxy next

> - mitmweb: Fix body editor unable to clear content to empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- mitmweb: Fix editors not allowing content to be cleared to an empty string
```

Author: Applied in bad6ad9.

Author: Applied in bad6ad9.
